[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
-[laser blasting]
-[Yumi grunts and screams]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[Jeremy through computer]
Odd, how are you doing?
Shield!
[grunts]
[Odd] I'm just about through with Norbert.
[Ulrich] Don't tell me
you're still giving them stupid names?
Do you have any idea what kind
of attack it is, Jeremy?
[Jeremy through computer]
No, but with a bit of luck,
we were onto
it faster than XANA anticipated.
That's right. When Odd checks in,
XANA checks out!
[grunts and glitches]
Hey, that's not fair, guys!
Oh, what's wrong?
[Odd glitches] I don't know. I can't move.
I'm coming. Supersprint! Wow!
Huh?
[gasps]
[grunts and screams]
Jeremy, we've got a problem.
I see it, but I can't figure it out.
Norbert, you're not gonna--
[screams]
[growls]
[glitches]
Oh, no!
Huh?
Aelita, I'll try to distract them away
from you.
Yah!
[glitches and moans]
[groans]
[pants and gasps]
[Jeremy through computer]
The Krab is bugged too. Go for it.
-[beeping]
-Great job, Aelita. Nice one.
[ethereal music]
[beeping]
[digital whirring]
[theme music]
[Aelita] That was so weird.
As if everything bugged up.
-[computer blipping]
-I don't know what could have happened.
Of course,
that might've been XANA's attack.
What? That's all you can come up with?
Hey, you know,
you better start working on your A game.
I suppose that was your A game
against your pal, Norbert?
I've got some routine checks to carry out
just to be sure it was XANA's attack.
Go on and eat without me. I'll catch up.
Can I have your portion?
-[nods]
-Fantastic!
Shepherd's pie tonight!
Yeah, and it's also boys' dorm inspection,
so don't be too long, Jeremy.
This'll take a few minutes, that's all.
-[dog panting]
-No, Kiwi, tonight you stay here.
The last thing we need
is for Jim to find you.
-My little diggity dog.
-[dog whimpers]
Now then, let me remind you that
your rooms should be in impeccable order.
Keeping your room
neat and clean is a sinequa…
Huh… sine… qua… How do you call it?
-Cine…
-…matography?
Right! No, that's not it.
Huh… Anyway, it's an important part
of a good night's sleep.
He who sleeps well lives well.
And that is why man wasn't meant
to live in a garbage dump,
'cause you can't sleep well.
Wait a minute… Hey, where's Belpois?
Huh… In the bathroom, Jim.
What? You mean all this time?
Shepherd's pie doesn't agree with him.
[grunts]
[computer keys clatter]
-[alarm beeping]
-[dog groans]
What is all this stuff about?
[computer blipping]
Oh-uh, it's getting weirder.
-[digital whirring]
-[alarm beeping]
But… I don't believe it.
This is sabotage!
Somebody's been in here.
[computer chirping]
[gasps]
[tense music]
Oh, no!
[theme music]
[birds chirping]
Sabotage?
Yes. By Michael Reilly,
possessed by XANA.
That's what yesterday's attack was,
and the bugs that prevented you
from fighting
were caused by the drop in the calculating
capacity of the Supercomputer.
What a mess! Think you can fix it?
Yes, but I've got to do it fast
or else we're in real big trouble guys.
-We are? How come?
-It's simple.
The internal circuit has been
badly damaged.
Right now, the Quantum bytes
are collapsing one after the other.
The drop in computing speed will
become more and more serious,
-right up until the--
-Stop. Reader's Digest version.
-How much time do we have?
-Three hours.
Are you absolutely sure
that the whole thing will be destroyed?
Definitely.
It's already lost a lot of speed.
I even tried to launch a return
to the past to see.
No way. I've gotta pick up
some stuff from my room.
Then I'm gonna head back over.
As for your classes, you'll have
to think of some phony excuses.
[gasps]
Sorry, guys, but I've got to go now.
Chardin is taking us to see an exhibit.
Keep me posted, huh?
-Okay.
-Belpois!
-Oh no. The inspection!
Did you have time to clean your room?
[Jeremy] You mean, since last week?
No way.
I looked for you everywhere last night.
Yours is the only room
I haven't inspected.
Get up. Come on, on your feet. Now!
-So you can't eat shepherd's pie either.
-What's he talking about?
Never mind.
Huh?
What on earth do you call this, Belpois?
Huh… It's called my room.
[Jim grunts]
An excellent student like you.
You ought to be ashamed.
You are not leaving this room until you
make it a hundred percent spic and span.
Do you understand?
And these things, what are they?
-[Jeremy] Huh? Computer magazines.
-[Jim grunts]
Our Einstein, really is a geek, isn't he?
Hey, what do you think you three
are doing here?
Well, we thought he might be
able to use some help.
He's gonna do it himself,
without anyone's help!
Go to your classes right now
and double time!
There's no way
Jim's gonna get off Jeremy's back
'til he's through cleaning up.
Yeah, and in three hours,
it's adios Supercomputer.
Maybe I can try to fix it.
Actually, I'll be that's what Jeremy
meant when he gave me this box.
-Do you think you can do it?
-At least I can try to limit the damage.
-Besides, we don't have much of a choice.
-[Odd nods]
Go to class, and tell them
I got sick from hmm…
the shepherd's pie.
I'll let you know
if I come up with anything.
-[Odd] Okay.
-I'm off.
-Good luck, princess.
-[Aelita] Thanks.
[theme music]
[indistinct chatter]
Sir, huh… the bus is late.
When's it gonna come?
There isn't any. We're all going to walk.
Anything for art, children.
[Jim groans] Straighten her out.
You're gonna hover in.
Can't you see you've got
an F-4 Phantom on your tail?
[Tamiya] Jim?
Huh? Yeah, what do you want?
We heard that one of the students
failed his dorm room inspection.
Could you tell us who that might be?
Huh… I certainly will not.
When it comes to our students,
I refuse to divulge any names.
Especially when we're talking
about Jeremy Belpois.
-[Jim chuckles]
-[both] Hmm…
[computer chirping]
[alarm beeping]
Oh, no! XANA is on the attack!
Jim, where are you? I finished.
[grunts]
Is it okay if I go now?
[alarm beeping]
-[door opens]
-[Jim groans and screams]
[grunts]
-[mechanical whirring]
-[barks]
[gasps]
Oh, no, an activated tower.
[computer blipping]
[mobile rings]
Aelita?
Yeah, okay, we're on our way.
Activated tower.
We're going in. I'll tell Yumi.
[footsteps]
Breathe deeply.
Nothing like taking in a breath of
fresh air before taking in some fine art.
[mobile rings]
What?
Which part of the museum are
you gonna visit first, huh, William?
The impressionists or the pop art?
Neither. The gift shop. I'm gonna try
and get something there for Yumi.
What would you like, Yumi?
Huh? Well, as usual, she couldn't wait
to give me the slip.
[panting]
Let's get to work.
[pants]
You think that Aelita
got the thing fixed yet, huh, Ulrich?
We'll find out soon enou--
[screams in pain]
[Ulrich groans in pain]
Hey, what happened?
[grunts and whimpers in pain]
Hey!
[groans]
-[screams]
-[grunts]
-Got any sunblock?
-[whimpers]
All right, now get to class,
and hurry it up.
Thanks Jim. See you.
-[things fall]
-[gasps]
Belpois, get back in here right now!
[grunts]
[tense music]
[pants]
[panting]
Yes Jeremy,
I did what I could in the meantime,
but I don't know if it'll hold up.
The others? No, nothing yet.
Okay then, hurry up.
-Odd, try to free my hand.
-What, are you joking?
First, I'd like to be able to move my own!
[Jeremy] Here they are! Huh?
[grunts]
Pretty good timing.
Hey, hang on.
-[grunts]
-Huh, watch it Einstein,
coordination's never been your thing.
[groans]
Nice one.
Hey. Ulrich, run.
[Jeremy] Join Aelita, and try
to deactivate the tower.
[grunts]
Hurry!
[both grunting]
[pants]
[groans]
[theme music]
-[tense music]
-[panting]
[gasps and grunts]
[panting]
[grunts]
[Ulrich grunts]
[mechanical whirring]
-Where are the others?
-Jeremy and Odd are kind of "tied up."
We'll have to do without them.
-Yumi isn't here yet?
-No.
[mobile rings]
[pants]
Ulrich.
Same here.
These stupid roots are blocking the way.
Oh, no! Don't wait for me!
[grunts]
Yumi! No time to lose.
Yumi's in trouble, Aelita.
Okay, I'll start up
a self-virtualization program.
[computer blipping]
-Did you manage to fix the Supercomputer?
-Well, just temporarily.
[computer keys clatter]
Here we go.
[computer blipping]
[Yumi grunting]
[Yumi screams and grunts]
[Aelita gasps]
[computer chirping]
[digital whirring]
[Aelita gasps]
Come on.
We're going to get out of this one?
Just like we said.
But we didn't say anything.
That's why we have a problem.
[grunts]
Hold on, I think I may have an idea.
That's great. I'm dying to hear it.
No time, but when I give the signal,
you've gotta try with all your might
to get yourself free. Okay?
I should try to get free, huh?
I could've thought of that
without your help.
You gotta trust me, Odd.
Can't you think of something more
convincing to say for once?
[panting]
[Ulrich] Okay, two Tarantulas,
not exactly the end of the world.
-Should we use force?
-Is there any other way?
-Our brains?
-Don't have any.
Supersprint! Yeah!
[Tarantulas growling]
[lasers blasting]
[gasps]
Oh, no!
[glitches]
[roars]
Hmm…
[growls]
Since I'm in black and white,
might as well fight the old fashioned way.
En garde!
[Ulrich] Touché!
-[sword glitches]
-Hmm…
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Tarantula growls]
This time, we've had it.
[Tarantula roaring]
Oh, no!
[glitches]
Not now.
[gasps]
-[glitches]
-[Aelita gasps]
Cool.
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[Tarantula growls]
-Hey, what happened?
-Nothing special.
The bugs also affect the monsters.
Well, that kind of makes things
even for once.
The signal…
Hold on…
-Now!
-[grunting]
[both grunting]
[Jeremy] Quick, let's get out of here.
[screaming]
[grunting]
[Yumi grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunting]
-[gasps]
-[roars and glitches]
[grunts]
[screams]
[glitches]
-Get to the scanner room!
-Yes, sir.
How many life points
do you think you have left?
Definitely less than you.
[Jeremy through computer]
That's right, so you'd better watch it.
[Ulrich]
Jeremy, you're there! That's cool!
-[Ulrich grunts]
-Yes, and Odd's coming to the rescue.
-[Ulrich grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
Scanner Odd.
Virtualization.
Triplicate!
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunts]
[ethereal music]
[glitches]
[gasps]
Good job, Aelita.
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[groans]
[growling]
Right. Any last words
before we both get devirtualized?
[Odd] Laser arrow!
-Huh?
-That's what I wanted to hear.
Good to see you, Odd.
Coochy coo! I guess
you're not ticklish under the claws.
[Ulrich] Here's a little something
to get around with. Saddle up, princess.
[grunting]
[grunting] Help!
Anyone out there? Help!
[both gasp]
[groans and grunts]
[Jeremy through computer] Sorry guys,
the Supercomputer is
losing more and more power.
You'll have to go on foot.
[Aelita through computer] Jeremy,
I didn't have time to finish the repairs.
I know, Aelita, but you did a great job.
It's okay, I can finish it up.
[Ulrich] Do it as fast as you can.
It's bugging up more and more.
And we still haven't heard
anything from Yumi.
I'll do whatever I can.
You just worry about that stupid tower.
[sighs]
Here comes another mega problem.
[grunting]
[screams and grunts]
There. That ought to do it.
-[laser blasting]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[pants and glitches]
Oh, no, that is so uncool.
[both gasp]
[ethereal music]
Ouch!
[Odd through computer] How are you doing
Einstein? It's killing us.
-We can't take a step without bugging up.
-I'm almost there.
Okay, all I have to do
is reboot the works.
[Jeremy through computer]
Better step on it.
[computer blipping]
Oh no!
What?
[Jeremy through computer] I don't have
enough juice to reboot the Supercomputer.
If we could only deactivate the tower,
I could use its energy to restart
the whole system.
[Aelita through computer]
That's fine, Jeremy, but over here,
we can't deactivate the tower
unless you reboot the system.
[groans]
-[glitches]
-[lasers blasting]
[all panting]
[gasps]
There is one way to do it.
Go on, I'm listening.
[Aelita through computer]
Destroy the Ice Sector.
[Odd] Hmm?
Huh?
Good old Aelita.
Even during the worst of times,
she keeps her sense of humor.
Huh? You mean you weren't kidding?
[Jeremy through computer]
Aelita, that's crazy.
[Aelita panting]
Jeremy, it's the only way
to recover some energy
[through computer] and avoid
total destruction of the Supercomputer.
And if that happens,
Lyoko disappears, and us with it.
We don't have a choice.
Besides, that would automatically
deactivate the tower.
She's right. Go on, do it Aelita.
[groans]
[groaning]
[Jeremy through computer]
When I restart the system,
I won't be able to rematerialize you.
-You'll have to manage on your own.
-[Ulrich] Got it.
[panting]
[groans]
-[lasers blasting]
-[both groan and scream]
[beeping]
[digital whirring]
[gasps]
[Aelita pants] Hurry!
[grunting]
[Aelita pants]
Right, listen up.
Aelita, you take care of Odd.
Odd, you zap me… on three.
Hmm… Hold on.
We zap each other on three, or do we count
to three and then zap each other?
You always pull this on me, Odd!
No, we zap each other on three. Okay?
-One…
-Wait!
-Aelita, don't miss, okay?
-[Aelita and Ulrich] Odd!
[Odd] Okay, okay.
[Ulrich] One… Two… Three…
[mechanical footsteps]
[Jeremy through computer]
The activated tower's disappeared.
Reboot system!
[gasps]
All right!
Three…
[Aelita gasps]
Hmm…
[birds chirping]
[Yumi grunting]
[gasps]
[theme music]
[Jeremy]
Right, the repairs are only temporary,
but at least they'll let us
keep fighting XANA.
We managed to save the Supercomputer.
You did a great job, Aelita.
Sissi's right to call you Mrs. Einstein.
Don't forget that this last
little adventure of ours
cost us the Ice Sector.
Yeah, that is a shame.
I'm going to have to find a way to
virtualize you directly into Sector Five
from now on.
It's okay, don't worry.
As long as the Mountain Sector
stays together, there's still hope.
Yeah, but for how long?
[Odd] Hey!
I didn't know you had the solutions
for Bug Fighter Attack. You mind?
Careful not to knock anything over.
Jim's coming back tomorrow morning
to do another inspec--
-[things fall]
-[Odd screams]
[Odd] Sorry.
Huh… You were saying?
Forget it.
[theme music]